Update What's new and Roadmap for v5.14.0 (#5078)
alphagov/govuk-design-system: src/community/whats-new/index.md

See our latest releases and updates.

## January 2026

### We released GOV.UK Frontend 5.14.0

> It allows you to remove content licence information from the GOV.UK footer if your service does not provide information under the Open Government Licence (OGL).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release allows you to remove content licence information from the GOV.UK footer if your service does not provide information under the Open Government Licence (OGL).
```
